feat: add C implementation for `stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/mean` (#4035)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/mean/README.md

<!-- /.examples -->

<!-- C interface documentation. -->

* * *

<section class="c">

## C APIs

<!-- Section to include introductory text. Make sure to keep an empty line after the intro `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="intro">

</section>

<!-- /.intro -->

<!-- C usage documentation. -->

<section class="usage">

### Usage

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/mean.h"
```

#### stdlib_base_dists_pareto_type1_mean( alpha, beta )

> Evaluates the mean for a Pareto Type I distribution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the [expected value][expected-value] of a [Pareto (Type I)][pareto-distribution] distribution with parameters `alpha` (shape parameter) and `beta` (scale parameter).
```

```c
double out = stdlib_base_dists_pareto_type1_mean( 2.0, 1.0 );
// returns 2.0
```

The function accepts the following arguments:

-   **alpha**: `[in] double` shape parameter.
-   **beta**: `[in] double` scale parameter.

```c
double stdlib_base_dists_pareto_type1_mean( const double alpha, const double beta );
```

</section>

<!-- /.usage -->

<!-- C API usage notes. Make sure to keep an empty line after the `section` element and another before the `/section` close. -->

<section class="notes">

</section>

<!-- /.notes -->

<!-- C API usage examples. -->

<section class="examples">

### Examples

```c
#include "stdlib/stats/base/dists/pareto-type1/mean.h"
#include <stdlib.h>
#include <stdio.h>

static double random_uniform( const double min, const double max ) {
    double v = (double)rand() / ( (double)RAND_MAX + 1.0 );
    return min + ( v*(max-min) );
}

int main( void ) {
    double alpha;
    double beta;
    double y;
    int i;

    for ( i = 0; i < 25; i++ ) {

>         alpha = random_uniform( 1.5, 5.0 ); // alpha must be > 1 for mean to be defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        alpha = random_uniform( 1.5, 5.0 );
```
